br: docs on restore disk protection (#18502)
pingcap/docs: br/br-snapshot-guide.md

> - Starting from BR v8.0.0, the snapshot restore through the coarse-grained Region scattering algorithm is generally available (GA) and enabled by default. BR improves the snapshot restore speed significantly by implementing various optimizations such as adopting the coarse-grained Region scattering algorithm, creating databases and tables in batches, reducing the mutual impact between SST file downloads and ingest operations, and accelerating the restore of table statistics. According to test results from real-world cases, the SST file download speed for snapshot restore is improved by approximately up to 10 times, the data restore speed per TiKV node stabilizes at 1.2 GiB/s, the end-to-end restore speed is improved by approximately 1.5 to 3 times, and 100 TiB of data can be restored within one hour.
> - Starting from BR v8.2.0, the command line parameter `--granularity` is deprecated, and the coarse-grained Region scattering algorithm is enabled by default.

> > - Starting from BR v8.3.0, the snapshot restore task introduces available disk space checks for TiKV and TiFlash: at the beginning of the task, BR verifies whether TiKV and TiFlash have sufficient disk space based on the size of SST files to be restored; for TiKV v8.3.0 or later version, BR verifies whether TiKV has sufficient disk space before downloading each SST file. If the space is insufficient, the restore task will fail with an error. You can skip the check in the beginning of the task by setting `--check-requirements=false`, but the disk space check before TiKV downloading each SST file cannot be skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Starting from BR v8.3.0, the snapshot restore task introduces available disk space checks for TiKV and TiFlash: at the beginning of the task, BR verifies whether TiKV and TiFlash have sufficient disk space based on the size of SST files to be restored; for TiKV v8.3.0 or later version, TiKV verifies if it sufficient disk space before downloading each SST file. If the space is insufficient, the restore task will fail with an error. You can skip the check in the beginning of the task by setting `--check-requirements=false`, but the disk space check before TiKV downloading each SST file cannot be skipped.
```

> > - Starting from BR v8.3.0, the snapshot restore task introduces available disk space checks for TiKV and TiFlash: at the beginning of the task, BR verifies whether TiKV and TiFlash have sufficient disk space based on the size of SST files to be restored; for TiKV v8.3.0 or later version, TiKV verifies if it has sufficient disk space before downloading each SST file. If the space is insufficient according to any of these checks, the restore task will fail with an error. You can skip the check at the beginning of the restore task by setting `--check-requirements=false`, but the disk space check before TiKV downloads each SST file cannot be skipped.

Author: ```suggestion
> - Starting from BR v8.3.0, the snapshot restore task introduces available disk space checks for TiKV and TiFlash: at the beginning of the task, BR verifies whether TiKV and TiFlash have sufficient disk space based on the size of SST files to be restored; for TiKV v8.3.0 or later version, TiKV verifies whether it has sufficient disk space before downloading each SST file. If the space is insufficient according to any of these checks, the restore task fails with an error. You can skip the check at the beginning of the restore task by setting `--check-requirements=false`, but the disk space check before TiKV downloads each SST file cannot be skipped.
```
